Q. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

 When multiple people work on same project.
 When we will be working on different systems at different locations.
 When we do some work in public systems.

Q. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having 
   Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

 We might make changes in local repository and want to push the changes when they are done.

Q. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. 
   When would you use one instead of another?

 Fork is used to copy someone else's repository to our github account.
 Fork is like cloning inside Github.

 Clone is used to copy from one repository to another.
 With Clone we can get someone else's or our repository from Github to local system.
 
 Branch is used to split our commits in one repository.
 Branch is used when we want to do some feature in one repository itself.

Q. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
 
 We can compare the changes in the remote copy with our local copy to know the
 changes made by other users.

Q. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

 We would split the project into multiple modules and let check person do his module
 and finally copy all to one location and manually merge.
 We will have to add more planning, like all the APIs and interface should already 
 be decided before coding.
 It will be hard to change the APIs and interface and other project related changes.
 It will be hard to merge all the changes in the end.

Q. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? 
   What benefits does each approach have?

 When collabrating its better to review your changes with someone else to remove any bugs.
 We can keep the our copy of master up-to-date with that of orginal.



 Notes:

 upstream : Original repository
 origin   : fork of original repository(fork of upstream)
 =>To resolve conflicts with original repository
  git remote add upstream "url"
  git checkout master
  git pull upstream master
  git checkout "your branch"
  git merge master "your branch"
  git add "file"
  git commit
  git push origin "your branch"
  git checkout master
  git push origin master